LIC Market Driven System
LIC, an insurance company, wants to digitize a range of business processes and provide a
complete solution that addresses all aspects of the agent-insurer relationship. Consider
yourself as a part of the Requirement Analyst team at Retinodes Software Company, and
your job is to gather, analyze, negotiate, validate, and prioritize the set of requirements.
In this new requirement of the project, there are no existing systems that can be analyzed
for the development. Requirements have to be gathered, negotiated, validated, and
prioritized through multiple stakeholders. This is a complex process because different
stakeholders have different perspectives, requirements, expectations, and priorities.
Therefore, Retinodes wants to have a requirements engineering framework that can be used
in market-facing projects where requirements need to be gathered from multiple
stakeholders.
To start with, you need to identify the set of stakeholders associated with the system,
understand the domain information about the insurance market, and identify possible
system features. Stakeholders may include customers, insurance agents, LIC management,

policy administrators, underwriters, and other relevant personnel. The insurance domain
should also be studied to understand existing policies, customer demands, pricing, business
rules, and restrictions.
The first product LIC wants you to develop is a system for creating consolidated insurance
packages that can compete with packages provided by other insurance companies. Existing
insurance packages should be analyzed to understand their features, benefits, pricing, and
conditions. The requirements of customers and insurance agents should also be considered
while designing these packages.
Another product is based on customer priority. Based on the insurance policies available, the
customer can create his/her own package by selecting suitable policies and send a request
for review. The system has to automatically analyze the proposed package, identify possible
issues or restrictions, provide suggestions (if any), and finally give a competing price for the
package.
To understand the problem domain, existing insurance packages have to be analyzed and the
demands and restrictions from insurance policies and agents have to be understood
completely. Different stakeholders may have conflicting requirements, so the requirements
need to be negotiated, validated, and prioritized based on business importance and
feasibility.
The requirements and feasibility report generated by you will be further used by the
development team for implementation. The report should provide a clear understanding of
the stakeholders, domain information, system features, functional and non-functional
requirements, constraints, priorities, and feasibility of the proposed solution.